# Project Name - Health Care Management System

# Batch - IT_WD_B07_G06

### Group Leader - IT21318320 - Silva T.U.D (umeshadilshani)
### Member 2 - IT21276996 - Fernando W.Y.M
### Member 3 - IT21347962 - Siribaddana K. 
### Member 4 - IT21321504 - Gunawardana N.B.C.A.W
### Member 5 - IT21313684 - Karunarathne D.T.S 
### Member 6 - IT21319174 - Dissanayake M.G.T.W
### Member 7 - IT21200724 - Bandara G.N
### Member 8 - IT21319242 - Ilangarathne R.A.C.W

#### Brief Description of Project - 
The Health Care Management System is an online approach designed to help to recover from personal health issues such as substance abuse, obesity, and stress. The  motivation is to support them in recovering from their conditions with the help of engaging in consultations and motivating them to follow personalized schedules. This system is a similar approach to e-channeling but with additional functionalities, and it will be a good solution for treating patients with personal health issues.
The system will have all the basic functionalities, such as signup, login, and profile creation. The treatment mode will differ depending on the patient's condition. The system will provide quizzes verified by consultants of categories including substance abuse, obesity, and stress. By participating in a related questionnaire, users can identify their risk level. Patients with low risk will ask to follow a schedule generated by relevant consultants, and those with high risk will ask to make an appointment with a consultant. Additionally, the system will facilitate users to upload an image of a medical report and get reviewed by a specialist. Then the specialists could generate prescriptions, and the users will facilitate to get delivered those medicines. As the system is an online approach to helping patients, there will be advantages, including managing patients without considering the location and time-related boundaries, treating patients in a personalized way, and also ensuring the secrecy of the patients.

#### Technologies used - 
Frontend - React Js
Backend - Node Js, Express Js
Database - Mongo DB
